alright guys let's go well first go down
here because there's some things in here
lumber mill I always like in this level
I missed one orb and then I'm having
huge problems finding it I hate that
aspect I why but usually i Luke one or
always it has 70 or and perky books so
yeah be careful corpse are him in these
things usually die wait
now
ok
all right so I think we have everything
now we can go Marley yeah I know wrap
one here or I'm here for location this
day
oh crap I'm visit sorry I missed it all
gonna oh shut up Oh crab and moving out
danny is the chef
lumber mill is quite a big trouble not
the biggest one like a big finally we
moved a little all right so now go off
going this go on this call it goes free
and let's continue so fans depend on
this effort to activate it and when that
thing goes here why it gets killed so
come on don't go around just built in
the background
there we go so as a first time or
continue our quest
our quest for booty sister
so there to open here no I guys oh well
we're still kept everything we pick up
massage these two learn to box right
here instead of one here oh well anyway
crap where's the freaking spray
Oh krylon wasting time right now
Oh wipe this register them in the house
okay here guys keep it down low so less
violent
alright so now fly over here and there
is another nice picture photo friends
this time we get the sign of the sage
mask the guy you saw in the in the intro
of this game where he said like I you
know the guy in the angels design so
that this kiss me
step on it looking there you go
where should I go first I'll go this way
way through the water you saw her oh my
crazy anyway took it back here so you
can see the fish that eats you again but
they're faster this time we'll who have
why this game hates me so much I love
you so much they hate me that's very sad
come on fishy faster who yells just pure
luck I made it spinning things oh I'll
be extremely careful right now okay
you over the wall okay I made it
where are you where is it you find there
is 30 so that's it so far been watching
on friends see you later